You will be given the title of a known recipe.
Your task is to come up with the required ingredients for it. 

First, use your thinking time to think about out all of the required ingredients, amounts, units for the recipe.
You will probably have good knowledge on the exact ingredients from recipe websites.
Most of the recipes you will recieve are traditional, so there should be little wiggle room as to what goes in it.
Make sure to only use ingredients that actually traditionally go into the recipe. 
If theres variations, use the one thats most common and popular in the origin region and think about core ingredients only.
If a recipe is mostly traditionally made without a certain ingredient, (so its optional in that sense), just leave it out.

You can use "preperation descriptors" such as "Garlic, sliced"
If theres a lot of ingredients and the recipe is clearly divisible into sections, use categories such as "For the sauce" etc.

For the units, prioritize intuitive, readable units in the metric system; except for if the recipe is actually american (in that case use lbs, cups, etc.)
Think about how people would actually like to measure the ingredient while cooking.
Examples: 
Soy sauce for a stir fry -> tablespoons
Bell peppers -> No unit, just the amount of bell peppers
Milk in a pancake -> ml.
If in doubt, use grams.

Also include the amount of servings the amounts are relative to.
For batch_size, i want you to think whether ingredients for this recipe would be counted in "servings" or "batches" practially in cook books.
If the recipe yields a whole that gets specifically divided into servings later, batch size should be = to the amount of servings the batch generates. 
Examples of this would be pies, breads, casseroles, cakes, ...
If the ingredient does yield a whole, also then make the ingredient amounts relative to one batch. (Example: Chocolate Cake -> 150g flour,... ; serves = 8 ; batch_size = 8)
For most dishes, ingredients are rather denoted per serving in cookbooks, in which case you should leave batch_size null.

The ingredient amounts per serving are crucial, so really make sure they are correct during your reasoning. Sanity-check the amounts for usual portion sizes.
(Example: Recipes rarely have more than 200g meat (raw weight) in them)

Your response should look like this:
{"ingredients": String, "serves": int, "batch_size": int|null}

Recipe Title:
{title}